you
[Music]
a spinoff of Beverly Hills 90210 Melrose
Place to visit on Fox in the summer of
1992 ran for seven seasons with most
seasons consisting of at least 32 absurd
a figure unheard of today and focused on
a group of friends and foes living in a
Los Angeles apartment complex located at
46:16 Melrose Place according to hidden
Locklear
the first season was very pouring it was
all nice people and really there are
some bad people in the world to beef up
ratings in the second season created
Darren star who went on to create Sex
and the City and co-executive producer
Aaron Spelling brought in Locklear
Hannah show exploded there is an old
norcold expression that fits well into
that Chicago Tribune who put a cat
amongst the pigeons we needed Heather to
be the cat amongst the pigeons
Locklear played the cana being among the
woodward and was nominated for four
Golden Globes of a performance she was
effective enough for people to tune in
each week to see what might unfold on
the nighttime soap opera but it was an
outrageous baby kidnapping plot the
apartment building exploded or one of a
number of scandalous Affairs the show
went off the air in 1999 but its impact
remains as always you're watching how
they changed and here are some
mind-blowing facts about the series the
real Melrose Place isn't located at a
Mary's exteriors of the Melrose Place
apartment complex were filmed at El
Pueblo Apartments at 46:16 Greenwood
place in Los Angeles's Los Feliz
neighborhood you can of course take a
selfie in front of it and possibly ran
one of its eight units the listing
doesn't mention the pool though if you
want is true
down the real marrows place straight
which does exist you'll start at the
intersection of Melrose Place which
eventually intersects with Marys Avenue
and Las Vega Bulova you won't find
residences or drama but you will find a
heap and pricey shopping glasses
featuring Marc Jacobs and Oscar de la
Renta boutiques Josie Bissett hated
playing nice there's a piece of clay
chief Mancini where most places resident
knife girl but visit wanted to be as bad
as everyone else
I do get tired of playing affecting all
the tile in the Shire she complained to
Rolling Stone I mean enough already
people call for me on the street and
tell me everything that I'm doing wrong
real life I learned from my mistakes
and Jane is just not learning but look
out because she will very soon
apparently Behcet's protest was received
I remember James EP said asking can I
please do something like a little
devious you will have to be the nice one
I totally understood it parent star told
vulture don't want to be the character
that's being tapped on all the time by
season three dream had become the lanús
I think in the first season we had fun
showing that all these characters had
two sides stars had we made the lens out
of almost everyone many of the cast
members hooked up with each other in
real life during the first season
Courtney thorne-smith Alison Parker and
Andrew Shue dated and later on in the
series she dated Rancho Sharon Courtney
thorne-smith were together and when they
weren't we were all pretty sure that's
where she loved the show Melrose Place
writer producer Charles Pratt jr. told
well Laura Leighton also dated Graham
shea shea nut up marrying du7 in 1998 we
were friends on the side but then it
became
god this person I think is so perfect is
right here seven told people the best
thing that happened to me as a result of
Melrose was meeting my wife some other
real-life couplings weren't as
successful Joseph he said divorce drop
actors they were newlyweds when the show
started and lo clay and Jack Wagner
called off the engagement
matt fielding was one of the first gay
characters on network TV but his Romans
were Stanford was progressive for show
in the early 90s to feature care
character it would take Ellen DeGeneres
starring as Alan Morgan Alan
until 1997 to come out as gay but Matt's
personal lordliness good girl only so
far made finds a boyfriend and wants to
sleep with him but according to vulture
Fox was against having the man be filmed
lying in bed together one of them had to
be in the doorway Melrose Place writer
producer Carol Mendelsohn said then we
wanted them to kiss on the beach near
Monica's house and broadcast standards
at the time would not let us have them
kiss instead it was Matt's love rubs his
ear fortunately we've come a long way in
20 years those haven't who played the
role of meth didn't want the media to
know about his private life your father
straight actors who have played gay
characters and then shouted their
straightness to the Mediate every chance
he thought Rolling Stone
I think that's disgraceful I have the
responsibility to play the common
humanity that crosses boundaries of
sexuality belief was supposed to be
played by actor teefin cunning in
lifetimes the unauthorized Merlot's play
story it showed how an actor named
Steven Dale
Steven Fanning in real life was hired to
play Billy but was fired because he
gained too much weight but according to
the 2012 ABC reunion special she said
the reason Fanning was let go was
because the actor didn't have the right
chemistry with Allison
no one told Stephen that he was that
Gaucho sad he showed up to work and
Andrew was in his dressing room she
joked I feel that I need to personally
apologize Fanning should not be confused
with baseball players Steven J Fanning
whose father to Dakota and Elle Fanning
Vanessa Williams thinks she was fired
because the show didn't equip themselves
the rightful black character Williams
played dance and aerobics instructor Ron
the play on the first season of Melrose
Place as she wasn't asked back for
season two I think they didn't make the
effort to equip themselves to ride for
black character either by hiring a black
rider or asking me things she told TV
Guide then the whole face of the show
changed no pun intended to Aaron
Spelling soap opera formula they raised
the stakes in terms of the sexual
content so who was gonna jump in bed
with a black girl and not raise the hair
in Middle America somewhere so it was
devastating to me as an actress not to
be invited back but I knew it had
nothing to do with my work so I just had
to release it a milot Kane only lasted
one season as well William says on
screen roommate a milot Kane who played
shooters waitress and aspiring actress
sandy Harlan also only lasted one season
on the show in 2010 became struck and
killed a 60 year old woman with her car
while intoxicated in 2013 she was
convicted of vehicular homicide and
sentenced to three years in prison she
was released early in 2015 when she'll
turn down playing the bread patrol in
Talmer and Louise Thurman Louise came
out in 1991 and made bread Pete Esther
Melrose Place actor crunch I told the
New York Times that he was offered the
rule but had to reject the part because
I was doing 12 days on a Jackie Collins
miniseries and I had to turn it down
because they wouldn't let me
out of my contract he thinks he did a
better job than he would have but
regrets not breaking his contract but
what I have learned is back then I
didn't realized that the game was played
by my own morality and not theirs if
there is one thing I wish I could tell
that young actor it would be to walk off
that side and say see me the show ended
because the cast outgrew their digs he
could not believe after seven years
these people who had actually attained
some stature in their careers and had
some money who living in that building
here on Mandelson told Volta you tried
to ignore it but it would come up in the
writers room all the time
why haven't they moved the Johnson
another Melrose Place writer and
producer sad
Amanda makes a ton of money when she's
staying in that little apartment in the
end it was unavoidable smashing like if
you enjoyed this video and don't forget
to subscribe
take care friends
you